agent: add several new flags to control Cilium's datapath events notifications (#30063)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/performance/tuning.rst

             --namespace kube-system \\
             --set hubble.enabled=false

You can also choose to stop exposing some event types in which you

> are not interested into. For instance if you are mainly interested into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are not interested into. For instance if you are mainly interested in
```

Author: thanks!

dropped traffic, you can disable "trace" events which will likely reduce

> the overall CPU consumption of the agent.

Reviewer 2: Please add a warning stating that disabling either event type will impact `cilium monitor`, Hubble observability capabilities, Hubble metrics, and Hubble export.

Author: great suggestion, thanks, I've just added it! 👍

             --namespace kube-system \\
             --set hubble.enabled=false

You can also choose to stop exposing some event types in which you

> are not interested into. For instance if you are mainly interested in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can also choose to stop exposing event types in which you
are not interested. For instance if you are mainly interested in
```

dropped traffic, you can disable "trace" events which will likely reduce
the overall CPU consumption of the agent.

.. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: Cilium CLI

       .. code-block:: shell-session

           cilium config TraceNotification=disable

    .. group-tab:: Helm

       .. parsed-literal::

           helm install cilium |CHART_RELEASE| \\
             --namespace kube-system \\
             --set bpf.events.trace.enabled=false

.. warning::

>     Not exposing one or more event types will impact ``cilium monitor`` as well as Hubble observability capabilities, metrics and exports.

Reviewer 3: Suggest "disabling" or "suppressing" instead of a negative form here:

```suggestion
    Suppressing one or more event types will impact ``cilium monitor`` as well as Hubble observability capabilities, metrics and exports.
```
